Package input files (no autodownload, no multiprocessing DownloadManager) (#510)
jupyter-server/jupyter-scheduler: docs/users/index.md

Give your notebook job or job definition a name, choose an environment to run it in, select its output formats, and provide parameters that are set as local variables when your notebook gets executed. This parameterized execution is similar to the one used in [Papermill](https://papermill.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

> Select “Run job with input folder” to ensure the scheduled job will have access to all files within the same folder as the input file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you check "Run job with input folder", the scheduled job will have access to all files within the same folder as the input file. 
The scheduler will copy all files from the input file to a staging directory at runtime, and will make these files available for download after the job has finished.
Use caution with this option if your input file's directory has many large files in it.
```

This should indicate both the benefit and the risk of the new option.
